Package to setup system wide HTTP(S) Proxy on Desktop Platforms (#190)
Jigsaw-Code/outline-sdk: x/sysproxy/README.md

Reviewer: Please move this to the Go doc instead. No one will read the README.

Author: I removed README and merged content with Godoc

# Platform support

The table below summarizes system-wide support this package offers for various types of proxies on desktop platforms.

| Proxy Type | Windows | MacOS | Linux |
| --- | ----------- | ------ | ------ |
| HTTP | Yes | Yes | Yes
| HTTPS | Yes | Yes | Yes

> | SOCKS | No | Yes | Yes

Reviewer: I think you do support Windows, but it's SOCKS4?

Author: I found this socks server package that implements sock4, 4a, and 5:

https://github.com/cybozu-go/usocksd?tab=readme-ov-file

I wanted to test socks proxy on all platforms and see what versions they support in reality. I have tested linux and mac with socks 5 and they work fine. I could not get windows working with socks5 and it only worked with sock4 server in my tests. I have not tested mac and linux against socks4 though...Maybe we can do this later as TODO item.

Author: I have updated doc.go to reflect this in the documentation language

> `SetupWebProxy` implementation in this package setups both HTTP and HTTPS proxy when they distinguished by the platform. `SetupSOCKSProxy` sets up SOCKS proxy that proxies all TCP-based connections.

Reviewer: You need to explain what setting a HTTP proxy and setting a HTTPS proxy mean.

> For example, on MacOS, if you have HTTP Proxy setup and visit a website over HTTPS, your traffic does NOT go through the proxy. 

Reviewer: Can you rearrange the notes. Perhaps in a "Platform considerations" section. Then group each OS and pull the "other notes".

Author: @fortuna I rewrote the godoc and rearranged the notes.

> For example, on MacOS, if you have HTTP Proxy setup and visit a website over HTTPS, your traffic does NOT go through the proxy. 
> 
> However, if only HTTPS proxy is setup, both HTTP and HTTPS requests go through the HTTPS proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On MacOS, if you have HTTP Proxy setup and visit a website over HTTPS, your traffic does NOT go through the proxy. However, if only HTTPS proxy is setup, both HTTP and HTTPS requests go through the HTTPS proxy. This library sets both proxies.
```

> However, if only HTTPS proxy is setup, both HTTP and HTTPS requests go through the HTTPS proxy.

Reviewer: If you set HTTPS, HTTP will use it? That's very counter intuitive.
Does it work the same in the other platforms? It would help to characterize that.

Author: @fortuna The proxy server running locally is HTTP proxy server in both cases. 

In the first experiment, I only setup system's client HTTP proxy settings. In this case, only HTTP requests get routed through the proxy. If I setup system's client HTTPS proxy settings, both HTTP and HTTPS requests get routed through the proxy. 

I believe this is just the way the system decides which type of request to route to which proxy. HTTPS is basically the super set in this design. 

In our case, we don't care much about this since we are settings up both at the same time on all platforms and call it WebProxy which ends up routing both HTTP and HTTPS requests through the proxy.

> If SOCKS is setup, both HTTP and HTTPS requests go through the proxy since it is performed at the TCP layer. SOCKS does not support UDP.

Reviewer: SOCKS5 does support UDP. Please rephrase.

Did you mean the OS implementation doesn't support it? Did you test on all platforms?
I guess we can say that of SOCKS4 on windows, but SOCKS5 should support it.

Author: You are right. Sock5 does support UDP. I will update the language

> On Windows, The client only supports SOCKS4 spec and cannot connecto SOCKS5 proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, The client only supports SOCKS4 and cannot connect to a SOCKS5 proxy.
```

> Support for FTP Proxy setting was not included due lack of adoption and usage. Username and password authentication was not included due to potential unreliability and untestd behavior. Please note that in SOCKS and HTTP proxy, credentials are communicated in plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for FTP Proxy setting was not included due lack of adoption and usage. Username and password authentication was not included due to potential unreliability and untested behavior. Please note that in SOCKS and HTTP proxy, credentials are communicated in plain text.
```

> Support for FTP Proxy setting was not included due lack of adoption and usage. Username and password authentication was not included due to potential unreliability and untestd behavior. Please note that in SOCKS and HTTP proxy, credentials are communicated in plain text.

Reviewer: I'd say that authentication is not supported because the intended usage it to connect to a proxy running on localhost.

> 
> If you have a need for any of those, feel free to open an issue and let me know about the use case.

Reviewer: I think we can delete this.
```suggestion
```

## Other notes

1. Windows does not explicitly distinguish between HTTP and HTTPS proxy. Also, username/password support authentication is not supported.

2. MacOS SOCKS client does not seems to correctly support authentication even thoguh it accepts credentials [[ref](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/255394737?sortBy=best)].

> 3. On GNOME, username/Pass authenticartion is not currently supported for HTTPS proxy [[ref](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gsettings-desktop-schemas/-/issues/42)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On GNOME, username/Pass authentication is not currently supported for HTTPS proxy [[ref](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gsettings-desktop-schemas/-/issues/42)].
```
